Rock accord SE and ours here and i'm
standing here to grid they're all
together with the owner for garrett as
you're also known as and you're here
being in the analysis here i am and tell
us how did it come to the fact that you
became another an analyst at the store
crafters well not as much an analyst as
I host the analysis table so my role is
to be the new role
conflict between the
mostly blares at home watching and the
pros i sat next to
to be friendly entertaining
so I'm actually supposed to
yes the bull yeah
and ask the questions to get the answers
and I mean this event has been huge and
how have you felt I mean the audience
the presence of them here they have been
so many
it's totally blown away everyone that
works here is really going away Carmack
is completely blown away
aha what bet did you lose head-dress
Twitter bet on the game yeah
my
this cop space yeah it's the best
starcraft two crowd I've ever seen for
sure I love the Bell there was 10,000
people here inside yesterday and then
3000 outside that's incredible thank you
grab the maturity the fan base was the
most incredible I think how they've been
chewing from
favorite or not did you see the Daisy
chanting yeah
and they really really took to TLO as
well I felt it was playing yeah yeah
okay yeah but I mean I want to also get
into a little bit about your show I mean
pure poundage
you have a cannabis calling up a new
project now for a movie can you tell us
briefly about how's that going and I
mean how is he taking shape it's going
well we finished our campaign we raised
almost triple what we want it's we're
very very happy right now we're I don't
know who requires far enough to call it
pre-production but most of our time is
writing but we're also putting together
the production team so we're excited
you're at work
what they're going to do this
movie music center set your lawyers
boring stuff so it's aside from the
writing dissipated pretty fun
still on
so I mean you have a lot of fans from
the earlier season I mean f this dog is
he for example is going to come back how
much you're going to stick to the
previous material happy socks
and tattoos be back we'll be back Dave
gotta get
now we're using our web Universal and
web characters so
we want to take exactly the same farm
we've learned a lot in front a lot
video content creators
tell us our first movie
doing on a research meeting
it's a big ass
pacing should be somewhere in between
the TV show in Webster
style will be close to the web series
but no baby it beats faster when i go
back to watch web series now
cut a blood faster
how would you how are you have you have
any plans now you will describe in this
movie I mean will be something that
people will be able to download or in
the try to like actually distributed as
a movie on that same movie festivals and
so on we're going to try the movie
festival route for the first national
laws and beyond that it's not to say
because depending on the reception at
festivals maybe a broadcast wants to buy
license or distributor wants to buy the
rights or something
it's personally very important that at
some point not too long after
we have to weigh that decision about the
kilowatt later but absolutely
it's important to the spirit of your
honor
it's giving away for free but you can't
like give it away from giving that
before you festival as you can't get
into festival
we're going to try our collective
I know our crowdsource movies have their
priority
being Canadian there's a nice creative
as we had a little bit higher
so we don't know which test but we're
gonna fly to lunch and see what happens
well good luck with your movie and good
luck with the future eSport work as well
taking it
you